Ling Xiaoge's sect is one of them: Ling Xiaoge disciple, once every day has a chance to challenge, every five days have a chance to be challenged once! The strength of the two sides of the battle must not differ by three levels. It is not allowed to avoid war, and it is not allowed to fight and violate the door wall. The winner rewards the corresponding contribution points according to the opponent's disciplinary level, and the negative party deducts the corresponding contribution points according to the level of the disciple.#Contribution points, also known as Zongmen contribution values!#This is the characteristic of Ling Xiao Ge. In simple terms, the contribution points are equivalent to money in Lingxiaoge. As long as there are enough contribution points, you can exchange any things you want, medicinal herbs, weapons, etc. in Zongmen Logistics. Baojia, all those related to cultivation, can be exchanged, of course, can also be exchanged for gold and silver, but in general, the value of Zongmen contribution is not easy, and the general disciples are reluctant to exchange gold and silver.#There are also many ways to obtain the Zongmen contribution value. You can get a certain contribution value by paying Zongmen's own treasure-seeking income, or completing the tasks given by Zongmen.#One of the most common and simple ways to get a contribution value is to challenge! Challenge the disciples who are less than three layers of their own strength, and win the reward value.#Therefore, in this early morning, there will be so many people around Yang Kai, everyone knows to stare at the soft persimmon.#The name of Yang Kai is also famous in the Lingxiao Pavilion, not only because he bears the identity of a rare trial disciple, but also because he has never been a winner since he entered the Lingxiaoge! Every time someone is challenged, it is the result of defeat.#Someone naturally remembers when Yang was challenged last time. Today is the fifth day from the last time. According to the rules, he can challenge him again. For this easy contribution, whoever does not see it, although wins Yang Kai does not contribute much, but mosquitoes are small and meat. What's more, it will challenge Yang Kai's disciples, and it is not a wealthy and noble person. They will not be too small in their contribution.#In the field, Yang Kai and Zhou Dingjun have already opened the posture, and they sing: Please advise!#Having said that, anyone knows that Yang Kai is free from being stunned today!#When the voice fell, Yang Kai grabbed the attack first, and the thin and thin body broke out with amazing fighting power. He stepped out and made a fist to Zhou Dingjun’s chest. The attack was simple and direct, and the fist was alive, as if the strength of one was poured into it. .#This boxing is the long fist that everybody at the bottom of Lingxiaoge has cultivated. This set of boxing methods is not esoteric. It is only used to give physical strength to the disciples. The moves are naturally simple.#Zhou Dingjun did not panic and smiled. It was because his realm was two levels higher than Yang Kai. There was no suspense in this battle. When Yang Kai’s fist was about to come, he was just like a walk in the air, and his burly body seemed to be a bit smart at the moment.#The fist rubbed his clothes and hit it. He did not hurt Zhou Dingjun. Not waiting for Yang to open the boxing, Zhou Dingjun had already squatted on Yang Kai’s forearm, while his knees were slightly lifted up, and Yang’s abdomen was in the middle.#Yang opened the boring, forced to endure the pain of the heart, the footsteps were wrong, hurriedly withdrew, and dangerously avoided the third strike that Zhou Dingjun followed.#Well? Zhou Dingjun was surprised. He did not expect that this only three-tiered brother would expect the enemy to take the lead and know how he would deal with him in the next step. He would be disorganized by his own plan to defeat him.#However, this small mistake did not affect the overall situation. Zhou Dingjun thought that he would turn around and would like to follow the shadows. He wanted to stop Yang’s breath and completely end the battle.#I know that his forefoot has just moved, and Yang Kai, who is back, has rushed over again. The two figures are approaching quickly. Zhou Dingjun saw the unyielding and high-minded warfare in Yang Kai’s eyes. Yang Kai’s fist was clenched and it was another Long boxing.#Oops! Zhou Dingjun’s heart jumped and knew the other’s tricks. Although his strength is two layers higher than this brother, he can’t say that the combat experience is not as good.#But what about the middle meter? Zhou Dingjun is Shen Ruoyuan, no longer dodging, but also the color of Changquan.#Touching two whispers, Yang Kaifei, Zhou Dingjun's body shape, still standing, his face is somewhat dignified. If this is the same level of opponents, the one that flies out is definitely himself.#Others may not know the mystery of these two punches, but they are clearly aware of it. This brother’s fist is even faster than himself. That is to say, he first hit himself and he hit him.#However, his fist is far less powerful than his own, and he is strong and strong. In contrast, the other side is thin and thin, his body is thin, his face is like a dish, he is obviously malnourished, and his ability to fight is not on a horizontal line. This will happen in front of you.#Ye Shixiong, inheritance! Zhou Dingjun's heart is not a taste, it is not a good thing to hit earlier than his two-layer opponent. Although this battle has won, he always feels that some wins are not taste.#There was a whispering voice next to him: Does this person think he won?#Haha, is it that he has never heard of Yang Kai’s name and he ran to challenge?#This is really interesting.#Zhou Dingjun's brow was a pick. He really didn't know Yang Kai very well. He often heard people mention this brother. Today, after seeing many people around, he joined in, but did not expect luck to be super good. He was directly selected by Yang Kai.#But isn't this a win? It’s already an overwhelming advantage to punch the brothers with one punch. According to the rules of the sect, the other party should also admit defeat, because it is no longer necessary to fight.#Come back! When I was thinking about it, Yang Kai, who flew out and fell to the ground, had already stood up. In the eyes, she was not even discouraged. The war was more intense. After being beaten, it was full of dishes. The face has been slightly pale.#Not waiting for Zhou Dingjun to answer, Yang Kai actually rushed over. In the place less than three feet away from Zhou Dingjun, his body suddenly shook a little, and his legs swept like a long whip, hitting Zhou Dingjun.#Whip legs! It is also the basic skill that everybody at the bottom of the Lingxiao Pavilion has cultivated. It is only exhibited at this moment through Yang Kai, and he has made many levels far higher than his counterparts.#It turns out that this whip leg can also be kicked like this.#Did not wait for everyone's emotions, a soft bang came out, Yang Kai flew again.#The gap between the two levels of the realm and the gap in physical quality made Yang Kai unable to resist Zhou Dingjun. Zhou Dingjun’s fist was hit on Yang Kai’s calf bone. When Yang Kai stood up again, the pace was slightly awkward, apparently the bone was injured.#Come back! Yang opened his teeth, and there seemed to be a burning flame in his eyes.#Touch... Yang Kaifei.#Come back!#Touch... Yang Kai flew again.#Some people who can't bear to watch have left in advance, and some people are embarrassed: This Yang Kai this resilience really does not have to say, which challenge does not stun him, he will never give up!#This words were introduced into Zhou Dingjun's ears. He couldn't help but feel bitter. I didn't expect that this challenge was such a crazy opponent.#Yang Kai was kicked out seven or eight times, his cheeks were swollen, and even his eyelids were blacked out. The pace was stunned. It seemed to be windy and down, but he was still stubborn like a meteorite. From where he fell, he climbed from there. Shout and continue to rush forward.#Repeatedly, Zhou Dingjun finally changed: You are crazy? Don't admit defeat to the dead!