When the sky was bright, Yang Kai woke up, and after a little washing, he took the broom on the corner of the wall and walked out of the hut.#Standing at the door and stretching, I glanced at the white fish that appeared on the horizon. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the peace of mind. Then I opened my eyes and danced the broom on my hands, burying my head and cleaning the dust and leaves on the ground.#Once in Tsing Yi, it is simple and clean, and the old-fashioned clothes are plain and white. Yang Kai's waist is as straight as a javelin. Even if he is doing the lowest level of work, his face looks meticulous. The movement was very calm, and the hands holding the broom did not use much strength. The body didn't even swing much. Just by the rotation of the wrist, the broom was like an arm, and it came to the ground. As his pace moved, the ground The dust and debris accumulated on the building magically followed, as if the two legs were flat.#Yang Kai is a trial disciple of Ling Xiaoge. After three years of advancement, Zongmen began to cultivate, but until now he has only cultivated to the three-level realm of quenching. The brothers and sisters who started with him have long since surpassed this stage, and each has the opportunity to go to the top of the high-level seat to fly to the top, but he can only hope to sigh.#Three years of quenching three layers, these qualifications are not described as ordinary words, it can be said to be mediocre.#Nothing to do, Yang Kai can only pick up a sweeping life in the Zongmen, while practicing his livelihood and practicing hard.#Ling Xiao Ge is a relatively special martial art. This special manifestation is in the cruelty of the competition of disciples under the door. In this martial art, there is the ability to be superior, and the incompetent to eliminate. The iron law of the weak meat is interpreted in the Lingxiao Pavilion.#Other Zongmen may have some friendship with the same door, but there is no in the Lingxiao Pavilion! I want to climb up, only on the shoulders of the so-called brothers and brothers, stepping on their blood, so qualified.#Lingxiaoge has a strict system and is famous in the entire Han Dynasty. Although it is not a super-big school, the cruelty of the disciples under the door is second to none! For this reason, the disciples were all arrogant, and few people dared to provoke when they went out to walk the rivers and lakes.#Ling Xiaoge has a rule, disciples under the age of 14, no matter who, from the beginning, three years is considered a trial period. In the past three years, Zongmen was responsible for eating and drinking, and the disciples could only practice. If you can break through the quenching period in three years, you will be qualified to go to the masters of the Zongzhong masters, let these masters teach cultivation. Of course, you can also not practice by yourself, but when you practice, there are teachers who teach and explore for yourself. It is totally different. To some extent, Ling Xiaoge’s rules are somewhat free.#Those who did not break through the quenching period in three years either left Zongmen or were tried as trial disciples.#Trying out the disciple is the identity of Yang Kai! It is also a shame in the Lingxiao Pavilion!#Unlike ordinary disciples, the living environment of the trial disciples is more demanding. Because you have to go to this step, you must take care of yourself, and the Zongmen will not waste any cultivation resources on you. Once it is turned into a trial disciple, basically there will be no future in this life. Unless the strength rises sharply in a short period of time, the other sects think that you have the capital to invest.#There are 3,000 disciples throughout the Lingxiaoge, and how many people are there to try their disciples? But the number of ten fingers! Yang Kai is fortunate to be one of them!#It is hard to try to live in the Lingxiao Pavilion. It is like a lodge where Yang Kai lives now. It is built of wood and wood by himself. There are no holes in the small roof. Time to take care of it, it will be difficult to drain water when it rains. His clothes are bought by himself. The things he eats are made by himself, and everything is responsible for himself.#Even the location of the lodge is also the most remote and uninvited place in the Lingxiao Pavilion.#Such a bad treatment is generally difficult for people to endure. This is also because of the small number of disciples in the Lingxiaoge trial. Basically, the disciples who have not broken through the quenching realm during the trial period will choose to leave the Lingxiaoge road, but Yang Kai Stayed.#I have been swept away once, how can this be done this time?#After being promoted as a trial disciple a few months ago, Yang Kai took a sweeping life in Zongmen to maintain his own livelihood.#It can be said that Yang Kai is now a trial disciple of Ling Xiao Ge, and also a sweeping squat of Ling Xiao Ge. But this sweeping of the land, sometimes can not maintain the food and clothing of Yang Kai, from time to time to hungry for a meal, no one asked the wind, the days of hardships. Even so, Yang Kai has not played a retreat, life is alive, decades of Hua, he chose this road, it is necessary to go on, half-way can not be done by men.#Yang Kai has a resilience, does not hit the South Wall does not look back to the resilience!#The sky gradually lit up, and Yang opened the ground for a while. Everything was clean and the dust was cleaned up.#Although sweeping the ground does not waste any effort, it can be so long after eating and drinking in the early morning, Yang Kai is also sweating, which has nothing to do with strength, completely because the constitution is too bad.#There are two meals in the three meals, no one is in the living environment of Yang Kai, and the constitution will not be good.#Some of the disciples of Ling Xiaoge gradually surrounded each other. These disciples all got up early. They didn’t practice but they were surrounded by Yang Kai. Many people looked at Yang Kai with great interest. Some people’s eyes were even greedy. It is as if Yang Kai is now a naked beauty, a fragrant incense.#And among the disciples of Ling Xiaoge who gathered around Yang Kai, there was also a tense competitive atmosphere spreading, and they looked at the teachers and brothers around them with vigilance, and each one looked bad.#Some people in the crowd couldn’t stand it, whispered: So many people, some are too much.#Someone replied at the moment: You think that many people can go, no one wants you to stay.#In one sentence, the person is not swearing. Everyone knows why they are gathered here. They all know why they should stare at Yang Kai. Now it is waiting for the moment. The time limit is coming soon. Isn’t it a pity to leave now? If you can grab the top spot, today is another harvest.#Yang Kai of the week is naturally aware of it, but his look has never changed. Such a squad is going to go through it once every five days, six times a month. There is really nothing to be fussed about, and the number of people in this case is slightly less. It should be that it is not yet full.#Therefore, he has been sweeping the floor, regardless of the people around him, all the way to sweep.#As time went by, more and more people gathered around Yang Kai, roughly estimated to have at least three or forty people.#Yang Kai suddenly stopped, so he sat in the middle of the road, slowly took a breath and resumed his physical strength consumed early in the morning.#At the sight of this movement, all the people gathered around Yang Kai immediately dispersed, and the group surrounded him in the middle. The atmosphere of intense competition suddenly rose to a new realm, as if the air was no longer flowing.#Anyone who sees who is not pleasing to the eye, but is looking forward to seeing Yang Kai.#If a person who does not know the truth sees this scene, I am afraid that he will be surrounded by a crowd of masters, or how can he dispatch so many people to deal with him? In fact, Yang Kai is just a trial disciple of three layers of quenching. Anyone present is better than Yang.#Yang Kai, you don't bother, wait for me to wait for you, and save time? Someone saw Yang Kai like this, and suddenly disdain.#What is the recovery of a three-layer quenching area? Anyway, it’s all about losing. It’s better to be a little bit more. Why is it so lingering?#Yeah, yeah, Yang Kai, you are also very considerate of the mood of the teachers and brothers. Everyone is different from you. We still have to practice after this game.#In this case, it seems that Yang Kai should be defeated by them quickly. Yang Kai’s recovery of physical strength is also like disrespect to them.#If Yang opened the door, it would be like an old man.#Time continued to pass, and suddenly, a melodious bell rang, it was the morning bell of the Lingxiaoge, the bells were introduced into the ears of everyone, and the disciples gathered around Yang Kai were shocked.#The bell rings nine times, and the rising sun of the East is a new day!#The breathing of everyone suddenly subsided, and the eyes of the Yang Kai, who was surrounded by the middle, slowly opened up, carrying the broom on his hand, and glanced at the circle of people around him.#Choose me, Yang Shixiong! someone shouted. I am very light, and you are guaranteed not to hurt!#Fart! Choose me, I will give you a good time, end with a punch, never waste everyone's time.#Choose me...#Choose me...#The scene is noisy, just like the marketers in the market are selling vegetables in their fields, but also who is more fresh.#Yang Kai, you can't break the rules you set! Someone reminded me.#Yang Kai chuckled, and the broom that he would hold was thrown into the sky, and dozens of pairs of eyes looked up, looking forward to waiting for the broom to land. I prayed in my heart: Choose me, choose me. !#Time seemed to slow down, the broom hit a few turns in midair, and immediately fell, playing on the ground, not fixed.#At the front of the broom, point to a burly teenager in the crowd.#A sigh of relief sounds, full of resentment and unwillingness. On the contrary, the burly boy, haha ​​smiled out of the crowd, and punched the crowd and smiled: The brothers and sisters, today's war brother won, and I hope that the teachers and brothers are not strange.#Grass, dog smash! Someone is embarrassed.#How can I not choose me? I have come once every five days. It has been a month, and Yang Kai deliberately?#Don't mention it, I have been here for three months, and I have not been selected once!#Brother, you are worse than me.#It’s not terrible, it’s good to watch the show.” The two brothers looked at each other and smiled.#In the field, other people have already dispersed, leaving only Yang Kai and the burly teenagers to look at each other.#Try the disciple Yang Kai, three layers of quenching! Yang looked at the other side.#Ordinary disciple Zhou Dingjun, quenching five layers! burly young self-reported home.#Ling Xiaoge's disciples are also hierarchically graded. From the bottom up, they are trials of disciples, ordinary disciples, disciples, elite disciples, and core disciples. Zhou Dingjun said that he is an ordinary disciple, that is, he has not yet entered the Zongzhong masters, and he has not been given a good teacher. If it is a breakthrough in the quenching period, it will be a higher-level disciple. The elite disciples who are one level higher are all outstanding, and they are selected from the disciples.#The core disciple is the hope of the next generation of Ling Xiaoge, who has cultivated these people as future successors.#Senran’s discipleship system seems to be inhuman, but it can stimulate young people’s blood and competition consciousness. This is also the foundation of Ling Xiaoge’s cruel system.#The fundamental reason for Yang Kai to be robbed by countless people is another rule of Ling Xiaoge, the rule of challenge.